---
layout : post_en
title  : 'FOOTPRINT reports'
---

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE. EDIT _posts/2016-02-03-footprint-reports.md0 INSTEAD -->

2016-02-04 (_last compilation_)

The [FOOTPRINT][] (Functional Tools for Pesticide Risk Assessment and Management) 
project was an EU FP6 projects. A lot of interesting materials have been published 
in the project deliverables (reports). As these reports are not available online 
any longer, I make them available to the public here.

This is not an official site of the FOOTPRINT project. Please visit [the FOOTPRINT 
homepage at the University of Hertfordshire][FOOTPRINT] for more information. 
The [list of publications][FOOT_PUB] of the project can be of special interest 
(but it does not contain the reports below).

Download the [reference list (bibtext format)](/assets/bib/FOOTPRINT_REPORTS.BIB).

1. Dubus I, Reichenberger S, Allier D, Azimonti G, Bach M, Barriuso E, Bidoglio G, Blenkinsop S, Boulahya F, Bouraoui F, Burton A, Centofanti T, Cerdan O, Coquet Y, Feisel B, Fialkiewicz W, H. HF, Galimberti F, Green A, Grizzetti B, Højberg A, Hollis J, Jarvis N, Kajewski I, Kjær J, Krasnicki S, Lewis K, Lindahl A, Lobnik F, Lolos P, Mardhel V, Moeys J, Mojon-Lumier F, Nolan B, Rasmussen P, Réal B, Šinkovec M, Stenemo F, Suhadolc M, Surdyk N, Tzilivakis J, Vaudour-Dupuis E, Vavoulidou-Theodorou E, Windhorst D and Wurm M (2009). “FOOTPRINT – Functional tools for pesticide risk assessment and management. Final report of the EU project FOOTPRINT (SSPI-CT-2005-022704), 221 p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL43.pdf">URL</a> .
2. Reichenberger S, Bach M, Hollis J, Jarvis N, Dubus I, Lewis K, Tzilivakis J, François O and Cerdan O (2008). “Algorithms for calculation of predicted environmental concentrations based on pesticide inputs, size and discharge of water bodies etc. Report DL23 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 101 p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL23.pdf">URL</a> .
3. Reichenberger S, Dubus I, Boulahya F, Hollis J and Jarvis N (2008). “Database containing complete PRZM parameterisation for FOOTPRINT soil, climate and crop scenarios. Report DL20 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 32p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL20.pdf">URL</a> .
4. Reichenberger S, Hollis J, Jarvis N, Lewis K, Tzilivakis J, Mardhel V, François O, Cerdan O, Dubus I, Réal B, Højberg A and Nolan B (2008). “Report on the identification of landscape features and contamination pathways at different scales. Report DL25 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 37 p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL25.pdf">URL</a> .
5. Jarvis N, Lindahl A, Messing I, Stenemo F, Hollis J, Reichenberger S and Dubus I (2007). “Algorithm to completely parameterise MACRO from basic soil property data. Report DL21 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 18p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL21.pdf">URL</a> .
6. Lewis K, Green A and Tzilivakis J (2007). “Pesticide database holding fate and ecotoxicological values. Report DL24 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 28p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL24.pdf">URL</a> .
7. Lewis K, Reichenberger S, François O, Bach M and Dubus I (2007). “Software specification document for the three FOOT-tools. Report DL15 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 112p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL15.pdf">URL</a> .
8. Lewis K and Tzilivakis J (2007). “The Beta version of FOOT-FS. Report DL26 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project. 17p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL26.pdf">URL</a> .
9. Azimonti G (2006). “State-of-the-art review on approaches to environmental risk assessment for pesticides. Report DL3 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 45p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL03.pdf">URL</a> .
10. Barriuso E and Benoît P (2006). “State-of-the-art review on bound residues. Report DL5 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 79p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL05.pdf">URL</a> .
11. Blenkinsop S, Fowler H, Burton A, Nolan B, Surdyk N and Dubus I (2006). “Representative climatic records. Report DL9 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 59p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL09.pdf">URL</a> .
12. Centofanti T and Hollis J (2006). “Characteristics of European agronomic scenarios. Report DL11 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 36p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL11.pdf">URL</a> .
13. Dubus I and Surdyk N (2006). “State-of-the-art review on pesticide fate models and environmental indicators. Report DL4 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 39p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL04.pdf">URL</a> .
14. Hollis J, Réal B, Jarvis N, Stenemo F and Reichenbeger S (2006). “Characteristics of European soil hydrochemical scenarios. Report DL8 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 47p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL08.pdf">URL</a> .
15. Højberg A, Kjær J and Nolan B (2006). “Characteristics of European groundwater vulnerability scenarios. Report DL10 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 38p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL10.pdf">URL</a> .
16. Jarvis N and Dubus I (2006). “State-of-the-art review on preferential flow. Report DL6 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 60p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL06.pdf">URL</a> .
17. Reichenberger S, Bach M, Skitschak A and Frede H (2006). “State-of-the-art review on mitigation strategies and their effectiveness. Report DL7 of the FP6 EU-funded FOOTPRINT project, 76p.” FOOTPRINT. <a href="/assets/pdf/FOOTPRINT/FOOTPRINT_DL07.pdf">URL</a> .

<!-- List of links -->
[FOOTPRINT]:       http://sitem.herts.ac.uk/aeru/footprint/ "The FOOTPRINT Project (@University of Hertfordshire)"
[FOOT_PUB]:        http://sitem.herts.ac.uk/aeru/footprint/public_foot.htm "FOOTPRINT publications (@University of Hertfordshire)"

